[cheering]
What on earth is that thing?!
Go get him!
Maam: So that's why you
need the Sword of Champions.
Yeah. You think
you can win this?
I do, but there's no way
I'm going to accept that sword.
Both: Huh?!
I'm not going to help
you kill your own father.
No way.
M-Maam...
Popp: But...
MC: The fighters have
taken their positions...
And now...
Let's begin!
[excited cheering]
Baran may be the enemy...
but he's still your
long-lost father.
I don't want you
to have the sword,
if you're just going to
use it to kill him.
Please, Maam.
The power of
the Dragon Knight...
It's a terrifying
force that could destroy
the entire world
as we know it.
Baran wants to use that
power to wipe out humanity.
But Dai here...
He can use that same
ability for good-
to defeat the Dark Army!
That's the reason...
He needs the sword of champions,
so he can face Baran!
Listen, I don't want to fight
with Baran at all, really.
I want to show him something.
That there's a different
way for the Dragon Knight.
Being raised by Grampa...
Learning from Master Avan...
And having all my friends
at my side through everything
has made me into what I am.
But, Dai...
Dai: Either way, I need
the Sword of Champions
to match his Demon
Dragon Blade...
And if it ever looks like I'm
going down the wrong path...
Then I want you to go ahead
and punch my lights out.
[laughing]
Alright, then. I'll do it.
So much has changed since
we went our different ways.
But I promise I'll do everything
I can to win the tournament!
Both: Aw, yeah!
Popp: Right!
Dai: Thanks!
[happy chirps]
Okay. Let's go see
how Chiu is doing!
[pained groan]
[chuckle]
Pretty good, Chiu...
The Grand Master
and Miss Maam...
You might be just as good
a fighter as they are.
Maam [thought]: But Grand
Master and I are the only ones
you've ever sparred with...
[chuckling]
Stop acting so tough,
you puny little rat.
Ha! Laugh while you
still can, sleazeball.
Just wait 'til I bust out
my most powerful move!
Here it comes.
Chiu's about to use
his signature attack.
He's got a signature attack?!
Here goes...
[battle cry]
Try my...
Rattus Fastus Fist!
[battle cry]
Both: Whoa!
[pained groan]
A knockout!
And the winner of this
round is Wrestler Gomez!
[cheering]
Amazing!
Alright, Gomez!
[victorious roar]
Looks to me like his confidence
got the better of him.
He's not exactly strong.
He always tries
his best, though...
Oh, no. I know what's wrong.
Chiu: [defeated groan]
H-how did he manage to
counter my greatest attack?
Chiu, this is
hard for me to say,
but I think you might
have one weakness.
Huh?!
But I didn't think
I had any weaknesses?!
Power, speed, technique...
I'm the full package!
You're still a rat, though,
so your limbs are too short.
Maam: Your limbs are
too short... Too short...
You're still a little rat...
Still a little rat...
Your limbs are too short...
He can't reach far enough.
I mean, that's gotta
be a critical weakness
for a Martial Artist.
And he won't be able to
hit his enemies without it.
No, no!
[crying]
What is up with this bozo?
[excited cheering]
And the victor...
is Fighter Baloria!
[cheering]
C'mon. Try to cheer up.
Oh, be quiet.
You wouldn't get it.
Even with all my training
I'll never make it
in the martial arts.
So, why would I cheer up?
Don't worry so much.
Didn't Maam say you
could still hold your own
with headbutts and
ramming attacks?
You've got the strength.
Do you really think a rat
who fights with headbutts
and ram attacks
could be "cool?"
Well, uh, I guess not.
H-Hey.
I have to be cool,
you hear me?!
The only reason I
entered this tournament
was to show Miss
Maam how cool I am!
Uh, w-what?!
Even for a monster,
that's awfully presumptuous.
Hah! Well that's true love.
Aw, get real.
Will you pipe down?
I knew from the second I saw
you I wasn't gonna like you.
What?!
I get it.
You're Miss Maam's
ex-boyfriend, right?
Wha...
It's not like it's any of
my business, though, is it?
I'm not sure what
happened between you, but...
Chiu: Here's two gold coins.
Just forget about
her, alright?
Y'know, for a little
rodent that taught himself
how to speak
you're awfully dumb.
Why, you...
You dare strike a
trained Martial Artist?!
You're going to regret that!
[roaring]
Well, I guess I'll let you
off the hook for that one.
[frustrated grunts]
Well, I guess we made
a weird new friend today.
Yes! It's Miss Maam's turn.
Chiu: Miss Maam!
Do your best for me!
MC: Let the fight begin.
-All right! Good one!
-Yes! Hurray!
Wow, look at her go.
[frightened whimper]
[pained grunt]
[screaming]
Fighter: [screaming]
[cheering]
MC: The Romos Martial
Arts Tournament
is now down to its
eight best fighters!
Now, folks; allow
me to introduce
the unassailable
champions of our kingdom!
First up is our
top contender to win.
A warrior of
unmatched strength;
Larba!
Woman: Larba!
Man: Win it!
MC: Next, the master of
the omni-whip... Stangul!
Woman: Sir Stangul!
MC: The mighty spell-wielding
Mage... Fobster!
Man: Amazing!
MC: And the hunter who
never misses... Hilto!
What a formidable and
intimidating
group we have today.
Next, with equal measure
of power and technique...
It's Wrestler Gomez!
Yeah!
MC: The knight with the
gale-force slash... Baloria!
MC: Is he strong
or is he weak?
The mysterious
mercenary, Mr. Ghost!
MC: And finally, the
martial arts master...
Her name... is Maam!
She's so cute.
Good luck to you.
How did she get so popular?
MC: These eight will move
on to compete in the finals!
MC: But, just who will win...
and claim the legendary
Sword of Champions?!
It sure does look impressive.
Incredible.
What a trophy that
blade will make.
I doubt you could
even wield it.
Besides, I will be the victor.
You can sure try.
But if I have it my way...
That sword is going to
fetch me quite the fortune.
Maam [thought]: I won't
let any of you have it.
That sword is for Dai.
It's going to
be used for good.
[cheering]
Maam's skills certainly
have developed, haven't they?
How exciting this
tournament has been.
Where has Zamza gone?
Over there, sire.
And now my friends,
the tournament's host,
Mister Zamza, will explain
the rules of the finals.
Huh. So, this is the
guy that came up with
the Martial Arts
Tournament idea?
I wonder who he is.
What fun...
You've all fought so well.
You eight champions
are exactly what I was
hoping to see here today.
I suggested this
tournament to the King
and it has proven to
be quite the spectacle.
What a collection
of promising samples...
Now, the eight
of you will become
integral to the creation
of a new Dark Army!
This some kind of bad joke?
And now, playtime is over.
W-What?!
[shocked gasps]
[evil laughter]
Mister Zamza, what's
the meaning of this?
Thank you for your
help, King Romos.
Your contribution to the
Dark Army was invaluable.
King Romos: Who are you?
[devious chuckle]
Zamza: You might
know my father,
the Commander Zaboera...
I am Zamza; Mystic Scholar!
You might know my father,
the Commander Zaboera...
I am Zamza; Mystic Scholar!
A Darkling?
[evil chuckle]
What's a "Mystic Scholar?"
Zaboera's son? No way.
Zamza: [chuckling]
Fobster: We've been
captured by the Dark Army?
But why?!
The Mystic Legion has
been experimenting with
the creation of what
we call Superior Beings.
We require human specimens who
are at their physical peak.
[delighted chuckle]
This martial arts
tournament has proven to be
vital in my research.
It's also an
opportunity to remove any
potential threats
to the Dark Army.
What's the phrase?
"Two birds, one stone?"
Curse you! I will make
you pay for deceiving me!
It's too late.
These eight belong to me.
And if I deal with
you right now?
That saves me having to
come back again, King Romos.
Perish!
[frightened yells]
Zamza: [laughing]
It's Dai... and Popp!
We won't let the Dark Army
get away with this!
This is Dai?!
Popp, protect the king.
All right. Go get him, Dai!
I'll be your opponent.
Zamza [thought]:
Dai, the Hero...
What luck.
It appears that my two birds
may have just become three.
Ladies and gentlemen,
run for your lives!
[fleeing cries]
Huh?! Are you kidding me?
I refuse to be
captured so easily!
It can't be cut?
Magic isn't working!
So, what is this thing?
This cage... is alive.
Maam: What?
It's a creature?
Miss Maam, no!
Come on! Open up!
[pained yell]
What are you doing?
Zamza: Get your filthy
hands off my Bio-prison.
You weak little gutter rat!
Gutter rat?!
I'm a Karate-
You dare defy the
great Zamza? Begone!
[terrified yells]
That's enough!
Little whelp.
Zamza [thought]:
Could this...
Could this power be
what I think it is?
Chiu, Gomechan,
go help Popp.
What? But why
do I have to...
Okay. Fine.
I get it! I get it!
Let them all go. I will
not be asking again.
[chuckling]
[cackling]
Oh, my. Magnificent!
What a sight to behold...
The power of an actual
Dragon Knight in action!
[delighted laughter]
Dai: What's so funny?
It's not funny-
it's truly joyous.
Your appearance very nearly
deceived me, at first.
But now I feel
blessed to witness such
legendary strength and
power in battle. You see...
The end goal
for our research...
Is to harness a power that
matches that of a Dragon Knight.
And how do you
plan to do that?!
[menacing chuckle]
The Mystic Legion is
unmatched in Magic Power...
but we lack strength
and vitality.
So I've been leading
the research on a theory
that my father
proposed as a solution...
Dai: [pained cry]
The Superior Being Studies!
What's a... Superior being?!
Raw power.
Power that transcends
even the Darklings.
Zamza: By
surgically combining
the strengths
of various monsters,
we've devised a way to create
such beings artificially.
Zamza: And when
your father Baran
took his Dragonoid form...
We were convinced.
His strength...
That is the ultimate goal of
our Superior Being Studies...
Zamza: To create the
ultimate bio-weapon-
one that defies
the will of the gods!
Did you say... a bio-weapon?
[roaring]
[impressed chuckle]
The project requires several
test subjects, you see.
That is all that these
humans are to me...
We can't sacrifice
our Darkling servants
for every experiment.
Zamza: A human
makes for the perfect
test sample in our
ongoing research.
I won't let you take them.
[amused chuckle]
Then you'll have to
get angry and fight me.
Let's see it.
Show me the full extent
of the power you possess!
You can't resist a
fight, can you, Dai?
Like a moth to the flame-
the perfect sample!
One with which I
will create a monster
exactly like your father!
Shut your mouth!
Wow! No wonder
he's called the Hero.
[chuckling]
[roaring]
The power in that boy!
I can't believe how strong
little Dai has grown.
He's truly a Hero.
Victory's assured!
Popp [thought]:
Don't lose your head
and waste all
your energy, Dai.
He must be hiding something!
Zamza [thought]: I can win.
If this is his best,
then my Superior Being...
Dai: [roaring]
Now's your chance.
Finish him!
I agree. End this now!
Something's wrong.
When Dai uses his
all of his strength,
he could destroy a mountain.
It's enough power to
split the earth open!
Sure, Darklings may be
more powerful than humans...
But Zamza has taken more hits
than he should be able to.
He should be done by now-
but he doesn't even
seem close to losing.
I think Dai's noticed, too.
What's wrong?
Your first real fight
freaking you out, little guy?
Don't be stupid.
I'm not freaking out.
I can't explain it but
just seeing that guy
is shaking me to my core and
putting my whole body on edge!
I guess you must
be wondering...
why you can't
summon the strength
to defeat a mere Darkling...
Would you...
care to guess, boy?
Dai [thought]: I'll
finish him in one shot...
with that attack!
[roaring]
C'mon, Crest Beam!
There we go!
The most powerful move
a Dragon Knight can do!
Zamza: [victorious chuckle]
Well, well, well...
It appears a Dragon Knight
can be outmatched...
by a Superior Being.
Hang on, is he
saying he's already...
Zamza: Correct!
The Superior Beings are
ninety percent complete.
I used my own
body as the base.
You've shown me the power
of a Dragon Knight...
And now it's your
turn to behold.
Observe, if you will,
the strength of over a
hundred monsters combined!
Zamza: The power of the
ultimate Superior Being!
[snarling]
[roaring]
He did it...
I can't believe it's real.
[roaring]
Something strange
is going on out there.
No, Dai...
Popp [thought]: No
wonder Chiu's terrified.
That thing really is
the sum of all monsters!
And, now...
Little Hero Dai.
You have been selected
for the honor of serving
as the Super Being
Zamza's first opponent.
Zamza: You're welcome.
[laughing]
Narrator: Dai unleashes
the full power of his crest
against the Superior
Being Zamza...
But his stamina
is soon depleted.
Popp comes to his rescue,
but finds that he's
helpless against a force
that surpasses
even the Dragon Knight.
With his new
friends in peril,
Chiu must rise
to the occasion.
See how he fares next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Superior Being
Versus Chiu".